Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ ♪
♪ I see it coming through the clouds ♪
♪ That golden light is shining down ♪
♪ I hear the people sing it loud ♪
[phone ringing]
♪ Chorus of happy. joyful sound ♪
♪ Something good is going round' ♪
♪ Yeah. nothing's gonna bring me down ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I wanna see it ♪
♪ I wanna feel it ♪
Hey Vanessa. do you have
a minute?
Sure.
I'm allotting space
for the next issue.
Do you have enough
to fill four columns?
Yeah. I think so.
It shouldn't be a problem.
And when should I expect
a draft?
I'm putting finishing touches
on probably end of day tomorrow.
Great. Early as usual.
Remind me the angle again?
Uh. yeah.
So it's a lifestyle piece on
the exploding yoga industry.
Hot yoga. cold yoga. goat yoga.
But really. it's an examination
of transitory communities
in modern culture.
Keep it simple.
Remember your audience.
They want to know the trends
and where to find them.
Our job is either reporting
on pop culture or creating it.
Got it.
I appreciate your drive.
Vanessa.
which is why I wanted
to talk to you.
Nancy's moving to Los Angeles
to open a California office.
and we're going to need someone
to take over her position
as senior lifestyle editor.
Oh. well I happen to know
the perfect person.
We're considering several people
in house.
but I just wanted to let
you know you're in the mix.
Great.
A lot of weight will be given
to each candidate's work
on this next issue.
so let's hope your yoga thing
blows everyone away.
Well. I feel more than up
for the challenge.
Thank you.
Goat yoga.
That's really a thing?
Yeah.
It's like regular yoga. but
goats climb on you like trees.
That can't be good.
Oh. I almost forgot.
Stacey and I are having a little
get together this weekend.
Why don't you and Jack stop by?
Um. Jack and I are
no longer together.
It's okay. it's...
it's for the best.
Thanks!
Is it for the best?
I mean. don't you really just
pick somebody and make it work?
Hm.
Can you make it work if it's not
the right person. though?
Now reach for the sky...
hold.
Keep holding.
And release.
[groaning]
Why do we do this again?
It's research.
Let's go research burgers.
[laughing]
Oh. I'm starving.
Amber: Are you kidding me?
What?
Okay. don't turn around.
I said don't turn around.
Oh... 'Kay.
Hey. Jack.
[laughs]
Vanessa.
What are you. uh...
Let me introduce...
Yeah.
Yeah. Hi. no. we...
we met.
I mean. not officially.
but great. great class.
Yeah.
Talk about a small world.
How do you guys know each other?
This is. um. Vanessa. we...
We dated for a while. yeah.
Yeah.
How about you guys?
How long you been seeing
each other?
Just a few months.
Oh.
[laughs weakly]
Well. um. have a nice evening.
You too. you too.
Thanks.
Okay.
Okay. bye.
All right. bye now.
Well. at least we don't have
to do yoga ever again.
[laughs]
I mean. we broke up a while ago.
It shouldn't still bother me.
but I guess I just wasn't ready
to see him with somebody else.
The right one is out there.
You just have to keep doing what
you're doing and focus on you.
Yeah.
I mean. god knows I've got
enough to focus on with work.
How is work. by the way?
I forgot to tell you. I'm up
for a huge promotion.
See?
Yeah.
Congratulations!
Thank you!
Well. I don't have it yet.
Okay. what's the job?
It's senior lifestyle editor.
I'd have a lot
more responsibility.
a lot more autonomy.
I'd get to write articles
that have more substance.
It's exactly what I need.
They'd be foolish
not to take you.
But do you want to know
what I really think you need?
Yeah.
A vacation.
I mean. when was the last time
you took some time away
to just relax and recharge?
When do I have time?
Okay. look.
I'm going away this weekend.
and I'm going to my parents'
bed and breakfast
up at Thomson Lake.
It's in this adorable little
town in upstate Washington.
and it is so. so beautiful
this time of year.
And the season for them doesn't
kick off until Founder's Day.
so they have no guests
until then.
It's simple. but it's
the perfect place to unwind.
and it would just be you and me.
and the fresh spring air.
It'll be fun.
I'm really not sure I should
take off right now.
All you do is work.
You work all the time.
I know. but it's bad timing
right now.
And you say that all the time.
I have to work
for this promotion.
You'll just be away
for the weekend
and you'll come back on Monday.
Well. I did tell my boss
I'd be done writing tomorrow.
Okay. let's do it.
Yes!
- Just for the weekend.
Girl's trip!
Girl's trip. yes!
[cheerful pop music]
♪ ♪
♪ Waiting for the memories ♪
♪ Of all the places we will see ♪
♪ Reaching out. ♪
♪ I'm breathing in the world ♪
♪ And every day ahead of us ♪
♪ Remembering the dream we had ♪
♪ Ready for this moment in our lives ♪
Okay. well you take care of waters
and I'll take care of gas.
Okay.
Um. excuse me sir.
Can you fill it up
with premium. please?
[whispers] Why is Martin
Clayborne pumping our gas?
Wait. who's Martin Clayborne?
The man pumping our gas.
How do you know the name
of the guy pumping our gas?
Because he's a famous writer.
He's the master of mystery.
Why would the master of mystery
be pumping our gas?
That's my original question.
How do you know that it's him?
Because I went to one of his
book signings a few years ago.
I know what he looks like.
Not convinced at all.
Here.
Okay.
Look at that.
That's a dog.
That. that is his dog. Ernie!
Wait. how do you know
the name of his dog?
All Clayborne fans know Ernie.
I'll go talk to him.
No. don't. don't. don't!
What are you going to say?
I'm. first. going to apologize
for mistaking him
for being our gas attendant.
and then I'm going to ask him
to sign your book.
No. no. no. I don't want
to be that person.
You know the name of his dog.
You already are that person.
No I'm not. I'm not
a crazy fan.
A little bit.
No. I only went
to one book signing.
You said you went to a few.
All right. uh. anything else
I can do for ya?
Change the oil?
[forced laughing]
No. we're good.
Thank you.
Yeah. uh. my friend thinks that
you're her favourite writer
and she wants you to sign
her book.
You look a lot like him.
Let me guess.
Martin Clayborne.
Yeah.
Yeah. I get that a lot.
But no. sorry.
Oh.
Anyway. uh. if there's nothing
else I can do for you...
Sorry about the
misunderstanding.
No worries at all.
Hey Martin!
What was it?
It's a problem
with the alternator.
Ahh.
Why did he lie?
You don't understand.
He's like the J.D. Salinger
of mystery writers.
He's sold millions of books.
he's got fans all over
the world.
And five years ago.
he just disappeared.
I mean. I had heard rumours
he was out west. but...
Is he still writing?
Yeah. he still writes.
He's more popular than ever.
I see you really are a fan.
I am.
Yeah. his early books inspired
me to write my own.
Uh. you wrote a book?
Yeah. well I didn't wri...
No. actually I didn't. I wrote
a few chapters. and then...
Why didn't I know about this?
Because it's not even
worth mentioning?
If my best friend writes a book.
it's worth mentioning.
It's a pipe dream
that I had years ago.
No. I had no idea.
Yeah.
Okay. Well this conversation
is not over.
And here we are.
Aww.
Oh. I love it here.
Okay.
[gasps]
I know.
Amber: Mom. Dad!
Hey!
This is Vanessa.
Hi.
Oh my gosh. so nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
I've heard so much about
you guys.
So glad you're here.
Thank you.
Aww. I'm really looking forward
to this.
Well then. let's...
let's get you settled in.
Okay.
- May I?
- Sure.
Thank you.
Such a gentleman.
[whispering]
Well. I hope you'll be
comfortable in here.
Oh my gosh. this
is so beautiful.
Closet. bathroom.
Uh. TV's. um...
There's a whole bunch of books
and board games
down in the lobby.
Even better.
Thank you.
You guys hungry?
[Both] Yes!
Great. I'll whip
you up something.
Make yourselves at home.
Okay.
[door opens]
[gasps]
You should interview Martin
for the magazine.
You scared me!
I'm sorry.
I know I should've knocked.
but I was just too excited
by my brilliant idea.
What am I. what am I
supposed to do?
Just go and knock on his door
wherever that is
and say "hi. you don't know me.
but I'd like you to grant me
your only interview
in the last five years."
Yes.
Wait. why doesn't he
do interviews?
Because he doesn't do any
press or public appearances.
Well. he needs to get over that.
Okay. I love your enthusiasm.
but you are clearly delirious.
you need to go to sleep.
Okay. But this discussion
isn't over.
Okay?
Get outta here.
It's a good idea.
♪ ♪
Okay. what is stopping you?
Well for starters I wouldn't
know where to find him.
All right. well
then let's review.
He's on a first-name basis
with the gas station attendant.
which tells us he's a local.
I'm a journalist. I know how
to find him if I want to.
Look. I want to respect
his privacy. okay?
Mom. do you know any famous
writers that live in the area?
Oh. we've got two.
There's Earl Harper who does
the monthly newsletter.
and then there's Marty
who lives up by the lake.
You guys know Martin Clayborne?
Of course we do.
I mean. we know all
the residents around here.
I mean. it's funny
you should mention him.
because we actually have
a package for him
that was delivered to us
by mistake.
You're welcome to take it
up there if you like.
Oh gee. I'd love that.
That would be amazing.
Wow!
Your parents know a legend!
Who knew!
I prefer reading
Westerns myself.
but I hear he's a pretty
good writer.
Yeah. he's amazing.
He's the best.
He's actually.
he's a famous recluse.
So it's wild that I found
him up here.
and your daughter.
who I love like a sister.
thinks I should interview him.
Oh. well he's always been very
friendly to Stanley and me.
involved in town meetings.
sponsors our Founder's Day
Celebration every year.
But other than that he's pretty
private and we don't pry.
The code in these parts is
"don't stick your nose in other
people's business."
Right.
I heard he was pretty wild
in his younger days.
Ooh!
Just telling you what I heard.
Thank you.
Mmm.
Are you trying to take
a bite. mom?
Maybe.
This is about the best thing
I've ever tasted.
Right?
Mmm.
[phone buzzing]
Um. I gotta take this.
Hi. Hi Peter.
Hey. I wanted to give you
a heads up.
I just got out of a meeting
with the editors.
and it looks like they're
leaning towards
another candidate for the job.
Did they say why?
This person has consistently
landed some...
some pretty big interviews.
I have something new!
What about your yoga story?
The yoga story's fine.
but save it for later.
I have something. um.
I have something huge.
How huge?
What if I told you that I could
get an all-access profile
of the one and only
Martin Clayborne?
What have I done?
Okay. Let's review.
What exactly did you say?
I said that I got an all-access
exclusive with Martin Clayborne.
which is the biggest cover story
the magazine's ever had.
And what did Peter say?
He said that if I could deliver.
the promotion is probably mine.
Most definitely mine.
That's good.
Except for the fact that Martin
hasn't agreed to anything yet.
No. minor detail.
Look at it as motivation. okay?
You're living your motto.
You're going boldly in
the direction of your dreams.
Yeah.
Yeah. okay.
All right. It's my time. why
shouldn't I get what I want?
Exactly. okay?
And it's not even
technically a lie.
because how do you know
what he's going to say
if you haven't even
asked him yet?
That's true.
Okay. so what's your plan?
You do have a plan. right?
Uh.
This is your plan?
Yeah. you got a better one?
No.
Well. this is my plan.
[laughs]
Could you?
Yeah.
Thanks.
[knocking]
[exhales]
Okay.
Stay. Ernie.
- Hi.
Can I help you?
I'm Vanessa and this is
my friend...
Amber.
The ones from the gas station.
Yeah.
Did you follow me here?
No. of course not.
That would be so weird.
Um. no. Amber's parents
live in town.
You might know them.
Stan and Ruth?
Oh yeah. sure. sure. sure.
Very nice people.
Is this... for me?
That's for you. Yes.
In fact. Stan was going
to bring it.
but then I said to myself.
well Vanessa.
you're going down
to the lake anyway.
So might as well
just bring it yourself.
So here I am and
then there it is.
I gotta get back
to work now. so...
Sure.
Take good care now.
Oh. my gosh!
[laughs]
You excited. Ernie?
Me too.
I quit. I quit.
I can't do this anymore.
No. no. no.
You'll never get another chance
at this.
We can figure this out.
What are we gonna say...
Yeah.
[phone rings]
Yep?
How's my favourite client?
Cassidy. How can I
help you?
I just wanted to check in on
how the new book is coming.
There is no new book.
I told you that. Cass.
No. You said you had
writer's block.
I was hoping it had passed.
Nope. Still got it.
Whatever you end up writing.
you're going to knock it
out of the park.
You always do.
Well. thank you.
I appreciate that.
I just don't want to get
your hopes up.
You'll keep me posted?
I promise.
Bye Cassidy.
[exhales]
Dream job. dream promotion.
get the job done. here we go.
That's right.
[knocking rapidly]
Stay.
Stay. stay. stay.
Us again!
[laughs awkwardly]
Hi. sorry.
This won't take but a moment.
My name is Vanessa.
Yeah. we covered that
on the last visit.
We did.
I work for a lifestyle magazine.
I'll give you my card.
Oh. you sell magazine
subscriptions.
No. I... I write.
I'm a writer for the magazine.
I thought that maybe...
Let me guess. You want
to do a story.
I think your fans would love
to know what you've been up to.
Look. I don't mean to be rude.
but I'll tell you what I've told
every reporter for the last
five years.
Thanks. but no thanks.
Take good care.
♪ ♪
"So it remains to be seen
if this new mystery man's
talent will sustain him.
But by the looks of it.
Clayborne is more of a cliché.
Concerned more with nightlife and fame
than creating any lasting legacy."
That was the last press
he ever did.
No wonder he doesn't want
to do interviews.
You writers can be so brutal.
Well. at least you tried.
That's the important thing.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know
what I was thinking.
I probably should just call
Peter and tell him the bad news.
No. you can't throw in
the towel so soon.
Thank you.
What am I supposed to do?
I can't. like. tie him
to a chair
and force him to talk to me.
I hadn't thought of that.
Joking.
Don't stay up too late.
we're hitting the lake
early tomorrow.
How. how early is early?
♪ ♪
[alarm blaring]
[gasps]
Stanley: Up and at 'em.
girls.
Those fish won't
catch themselves.
Okay...
A long tailed Jaeger.
Is that a good thing or?
Let's let our guest take a look.
Oh. oh. okay.
It's about halfway up the
tallest pine right there.
Can you see it?
Uh. I'm not sure.
Oh. they're migrant birds.
They come from hundreds
of miles away.
They only stay a couple
of months.
so it's a rare sight.
- I don't believe it.
- What?
It's him.
What?
It's him. It's Martin.
[gasps]
It's the rarest of all birds.
The reclusive Clayborne.
[laughs]
I say we just pack up and head
back into town for lunch.
This might be fate
giving you another chance.
I like the way you think.
[laughs]
You certain you want to do this?
Yeah. yeah.
You guys should go ahead and
I will catch up with you later.
Okay. then let's go over
your plan of attack.
I don't have a plan.
and it's not an attack.
I'm definitely just gonna
go talk to him.
I think I should strike up
a conversation
about a common interest.
and that common interest
will be...
Fishing.
You have never fished a day
in your life.
I have so.
When?
Today.
I'm going to improvise.
Well. then you'll want
to accessorize.
Hey. thanks for being
on my side.
Are you sure you don't want me
to come with you?
Yes. I'm going to be fine.
This is great.
I've got my phone.
I will text you when I'm ready
to get picked up.
Wish me luck.
I'm going to go catch
a big fish.
Wow.
I'm going boldly.
I'm starting to wish you had
a different motto!
Hey.
Hey... Vanessa.
What are the odds?
[laughs]
Mind if I join you?
Sure. sure.
Why not?
Great.
What are you fishing for?
Uh...
What am I fishing for?
That's a good question.
Really good question.
Okay. You want to get back
to me on that?
[laughs uncomfortably]
You're funny.
Nah. I'm going to... uh...
I'm going to fish for
catfish today.
Wow. catfish.
Yeah. yeah.
Wow. I didn't know that this
lake even had catfish.
Oh yeah. yeah.
Lots of 'em.
I'm gonna catch 'em.
[laughs awkwardly]
- Okay.
So what do you plan to use
for the catfish?
What am I gonna use?
You hear that. Ernie?
He wants to know
what I'm going to use.
I mean my... my fishing pole.
of course.
Uh. no. no.
I meant what... what type of
bait are you going to use?
A jig?
Spinner bait? Sinker?
Yeah. I mean probably
just one of each
and just really increase
my odds.
- Hmm. yeah.
- Yeah.
No. of course. of course.
That makes sense.
Feeling that?
Mm-hmm.
All right. Okay.
So... well. that's
pretty good.
Here we go.
Here it goes.
Okay.
I think you have
to release the bail
in order for that to...
Yeah. yeah.
No. no. I um. I like to do some
practice throws before I uh...
Really get going.
So.
Yeah. no. no. no.
Oh!
Jeez.
Yeah. Maybe I should
just help you.
Don't... careful.
Okay.
Careful.
[laughs]
Sorry.
There we go.
Thank you.
You're off the hook.
[laughs]
I should probably
get going anyway.
Yeah. you're going to go?
I have some work to do.
Yeah. me too.
I work.
Actually. I should probably
get some work done too.
Ah. I should go.
You're right.
Really? You just got here.
Yeah. but I've had
a long morning
and the fish aren't really
biting today.
You know?
Okay. great.
Well.
Yeah. I'll just call my ride.
Oh.
Okay.
[exhales]
Oh no.
What are... what are you doing?
I'm trying to get some service.
I don't have any reception.
It's okay.
You know... she'll.
she'll probably just come
looking for me.
my friend. if I don't come back.
[barks]
Ernie! Let's go.
- Hey. hey.
- Ernie.
Buddy. Aw. you're cute.
Ernie.
Hi buddy.
I guess he likes me.
Hey bud. hi!
[sighs]
All right.
Ernie has spoken.
I have to go into town
anyway. so...
I will give you a ride.
Great. okay.
Thanks.
Follow me.
Okay. okay. okay.
So uhh. look.
This will just take a second.
but uh. make yourself at home.
Just not too at home.
Really thought you could
pass yourself off
as a fisherman. huh?
Fisherwoman.
thank you very much.
I just was excited to talk
to my favourite author.
Well. I'm flattered.
But last time I opened up my
personal life to a journalist.
let's just say.
it didn't end well.
Yeah. I know.
I know what interview
you're talking about.
And it didn't paint you
in the best light.
But don't you think this
would be a great chance to.
you know. set
the record straight?
Look. I am done caring about
what people think of me.
Wow. must be nice.
You don't think it's valuable
to connect with your fans?
Let them know where you've been.
how you live.
what makes you tick?
I can't tell you what comfort
your books have brought me.
They've inspired me.
Look. I'm just a regular guy.
I ride my horses. I help out
at the town hall meeting.
I fish in the mornings.
actually fish.
I just try and be a good
neighbour. okay?
That's about it.
I think there's more to you
than that.
Which one?
Which one what?
Which book inspired you?
Well. "Burden of Proof"
was the game-changer.
And I loved "The Case of the Blue Rose."
I am really enjoying "Circumstantial Evidence."
Good. Good.
Good to know.
Maybe you do care
what people think.
We should get going.
I'm sure your friend is
wondering where you are.
Yeah. yeah. I'm sure she is.
You sure it's not
too much trouble?
I guess I could call a...
Ask me again I'm going
to change my mind.
[laughs]
Yeah. but then you'd be stuck
here with me.
That's a good point.
Bye. Ernie!
[barks]
Thank you for the ride.
Hope I didn't completely
ruin your day.
It was definitely entertaining.
I'd like to continue
our conversation.
Look. I wish I could help you.
but the answer's still no.
Sorry.
Yeah.
[phone rings]
Hi Peter.
I just wanted to check in
and see how
the article's coming along.
Is he as difficult
as people say?
You know what?
Don't tell me.
I'll wait till I read a draft.
Uh. listen Peter.
I... I have something
I have to tell you.
Oh. before I forget.
I wanted to tell you
about my meeting
with Jerry in ad sales.
He's already sold
two full-page ads
based on this
Clayborne interview.
Vanessa. I think this could
be one of our biggest sellers.
so I'm clearing some serious
space for you.
I'm giving you 10 columns.
10 columns? Wow.
And I'm going to see if
we can get Franco to do
the accompanying photo spread
and cover shot.
Now keep in mind. we're up
against an aggressive deadline.
But I'm sorry. I cut you off.
You were going to tell
me something.
Right. Right. um.
I... I uh. I wanted to tell
you that um...
I need more time.
I'm going to stay
for an extra week.
Well. that's pushing it
a little.
but I trust you'll get there.
I'm really proud of you.
Vanessa.
If I told you when I first hired
you that in a few short years
you'd be doing an authorized
cover story
on one of the best-selling
authors in the world.
what would you say?
I'd have said you were crazy.
Keep up the good work.
I'll check in with you later.
Okay.
Goodnight. Peter.
[whispers] You're going
to get fired.
[sighs]
The good news is.
you bought some time.
We'll figure something out.
Babe. let's face it.
I am sunk.
And what are you girls
up to today?
We're going to go into town.
do a little shopping.
maybe some plotting.
How about you two?
I'm going to put a fresh coat
of paint on the back room.
Founder's Weekend is coming up
and we need as much space
as possible.
[laughs]
I'm off to the town
hall meeting.
Can we come?
Well. sure.
I can't promise you it's going
to be very exciting.
Oh. I think it will be.
[laughs]
All in favour of moving Taco
Tuesday to Wednesday next week
to avoid conflict with Movie
in the Park Night?
Okay.
Those opposed?
No.
Duly noted. Gus.
Next item on the agenda
is in fact
the Founder's Day Celebration.
I'm going to turn this
over to Martin
because he. once again.
is serving as the head
of the organizing committee.
So it's all yours. sir.
Thank you. Stanley.
Um. well. it's shaping up
to be another great
Founder's Day Celebration
this year.
What is this Founder's Day
everybody's talking about?
It's this big celebration
of how the town came to be.
There's like food. dancing.
it's a whole big thing.
Now. we do need help
with the raffle.
So if anyone would like
to do that...
Wait a minute.
Gus. I don't see
your name down here.
so I'm going to...
Right. the arm.
I would like to point out that
Dottie has graciously agreed
to do our banners this year.
So round of applause
for Dottie please.
[applause]
Thank you very much.
Dottie: My pleasure.
And also new this year is
the face painting station
for the kids.
So if anyone knows anyone
who's good with kids
who has any artistic...
I'd love to.
Hey. wow.
Thank you. Lauren.
You are hereby anointed
resident facial artist.
Nice.
All right. so.
We still have ice cream.
again my favourite.
And flowers as well.
Go.
I'll catch up with you
at my parents.
Ok.
Martin: Oh. beautiful.
All right. thank you very much.
That is a good choice.
Thank you again. Susan.
All right we'll...
Hello again.
[sighs]
You know I moved to get away
from people like you?
Well. you don't even know me.
I know that you won't take no
for an answer.
Okay. Okay.
I won't ask you again.
Okay.
I just really want you to think
about the opportunity
that you have to let the world
know who you really are.
Anything that you want
people to know.
Anything at all.
It's free publicity.
You could tease your next novel.
Look. I don't need
the publicity.
My last five books sold two
million copies. so why you?
Because I care.
You're not... an interview
conquest on a checklist for me.
You're an artist.
And I can relate. I... I know
what it's like to craft a story
and fall in love
with your characters.
You have to when you want to
tell a story that moves people.
And that's all I want to do.
I want to move people.
That's all I've ever wanted
to do.
and I'm really good at it.
And I think you should
give me a chance.
Why "Shadows of Doubt"?
Yesterday. when you listed
my books that inspired you.
you didn't say "Shadows of Doubt."
I'm just curious why.
Do you really want to know?
Yeah. kind of.
I thought your main character
was predictable.
[scoffs]
He's the grizzled detective
who destroys everything
that he cares about in favour
of his career.
and it's glorified.
He's made out to be a hero
for doing it.
but the truth is he destroyed
everything that he loves
because he didn't want
to get hurt first.
I felt like he was playing
it safe. and...
And it's a cop out.
Yes. but aren't we all?
Maybe.
But for me. that's what
I've always loved
about your characters.
They take chances. they
make themselves vulnerable.
Which is what I'm asking of you.
Sorry. I didn't mean to offend
you. I'm just...
Being honest.
I have some ground rules.
We keep this limited to
my writing career only.
I'll give you three interviews.
half an hour each.
No deal.
I have to be able to ask you
whatever I want.
and I want to shadow you
for an all-access.
unvarnished account of how
you live and work.
It's the only way to do it
right. and you know it.
Fine.
But with one caveat.
I get to read the story
before it goes to print.
That's my insurance that
I'm not being misrepresented.
Fine.
But I expect nothing but
complete and total honesty.
Fine.
And you get to help me with
Founder's Day Celebration.
Get to?
Oh yeah.
It's a big job. so I need
some help.
[clears throat]
Deal.
We start tomorrow.
bright and early.
Why did you just say yes?
Maybe there is something
that I want the world to know.
Good.
The interview hasn't started
yet. so.
When you say "bright
and early." you'll call me.
Yep.
[sighs]
He agreed.
That's fantastic.
Why do you seem so surprised?
I... what made him change
his mind?
Persistence.
I think he has something to say.
and I guess I got him
to trust me.
I gave him some constructive
criticism on one of his books.
and I think it made him see me
as less of a fan
and more of a writer who's
capable of telling the truth.
Mm.
Let's celebrate.
Mm!
I want to celebrate!
But I don't have time
because I have to get to work.
Martin Clayborne. here I come!
Congratulations.
[alarm beeping]
Good morning!
Well. good morning sunshine.
[exhales]
Ready for the day?
So uh. I was thinking we could
find a little café.
get some coffee. talk about
your early work and influences.
And I'm also really interested
in how your writing
has evolved over the years.
Well. lucky for you.
we are headed to the home
of someone
who makes the best cup
of coffee in town.
Okay.
Oh.
Probably should've told you
to wear work boots.
Oh. I don't... I don't
own work boots.
Morning. Gus.
I see you brought some help.
Well. we'll see.
Gus. this is Vanessa.
Pleased to meet you. ma'am.
Nice to meet you too. hi.
I'm really grateful for
your help. Martin.
Well. we're happy to help.
aren't we?
Can't have your cattle
wandering off now. can we?
Especially since you're not
100 percent.
Oh. well. that's what
I get for trying
to put the gate up on my own.
Yeah.
It's over here. I'll show you.
All right.
Come on.
I thought we were going
to do coffee.
- Okay.
Here we go.
Just get 'em both
lined up now...
Okay.
So. how'd you learn how
to become such a handyman?
Can we talk about that later?
We are trying to hang
a gate here.
Uh. no.
I'm hanging fences.
you're answering questions.
All right. fine.
Uh. my dad was always good
with a hammer.
He taught us the value
of a hard day's work.
What about your childhood?
I know you were born
in the Midwest.
but where did you spend
your teenage years?
I grew up all over the place.
really.
My dad was a teacher. my mom
was a pilot in the military.
There it is. okay. okay.
I'll hold.
Now you just hammer it in place.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Woah. jeez.
Yeah.
Okay. where do I?
Where do I?
Right here.
Nice and hard. yup.
Ha!
There you go.
That's the spirit.
That's good.
One more for good measure.
[grunts]
Ha!
That's it. All right.
[laughs]
So why did you decide
to become a writer?
Oh. still not sure I want
to be a writer.
Oh. come on.
Yeah. you're right.
That was just a line.
Uh... I was always shy
as a kid.
It was hard for me
to make friends.
especially with us moving
all the time.
When I was 10. I created
this imaginary character
named Danny Boyd.
I have no idea where
the name came from.
it just sort of wrote itself.
I wrote all this back story and
wrote down every last detail.
Yeah. I guess that's
where it all started.
Been creating characters
ever since.
Why mystery?
Oh. well.
That's an easy one.
Jigsaw puzzles. I love 'em.
Mystery novels are just
characters solving problems.
And when you do it right...
it all falls into place.
Right. Nice work.
Yep. all right.
You're done already?
Oh yeah.
She's a keeper.
God bless you.
Hey. you hear that?
Gus says I'm a keeper.
Yeah. well.
Gus says a lot of things.
I heard that.
♪ ♪
All right. Here we are.
Oh. um.
Thank you for jumping in
and helping out today.
I enjoyed it.
Well. you know what they say.
The best writers are the ones
living life.
not watching from the sidelines.
Yeah.
Who are your favourite writers?
Who inspired you the most?
[chuckles]
You never stop interviewing.
do you?
Hemingway.
But you probably
could've guessed that
with the name of my dog.
Ernie. of course!
Oh. my gosh.
You know. when I was
in eighth grade.
I had a lizard named Steinbeck.
No way.
Yeah. I did.
[laughs]
All right. well thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Oh hey. um.
Yeah?
What did helping out Gus
have to do
with the Founder's Day
Celebration?
Nothing. Just helping a
neighbour who needed a hand.
[laughs]
Yeah well. I also wanted to see
who you were.
See you tomorrow.
♪ ♪
[typing]
[sighs]
Well. what do you have
in store for me today?
I'm prepared.
No. no.
You don't need the boots
for today.
All right.
No. we're just picking up
something from somebody.
Great. I'm prepared
for that. too.
- Alright.
- Thank you.
Hey. you know for a writer
you're terribly vague.
Well. I am a mystery writer.
Details please.
Okay.
Her name is Dottie Chambers.
she is a local artist.
and we're picking up
some banners
for the Founder's Day
Celebration.
See. was that so hard?
[doorbell]
Dottie: Well. come on in.
Where are you from. Vanessa?
Uh. Portland.
Oh.
Hope you're having
a good time here.
It's been amazing.
I'm actually a writer in town
doing an article on Martin.
Oh.
Well. if you need anybody
to tell you
what a great neighbour Martin
is. just give me a call.
I will take you up on that.
Come on. you're going
to make me blush. Dottie.
Well. they're over here.
Martin: Oh. my goodness.
Vanessa: Oh!
These are gorgeous. Dottie.
Thank you so much
for doing these.
Oh. don't mention it.
Any excuse to get
the paintbrushes out.
These are amazing.
Oh. thank you.
Did you take them yourself?
Yeah. and thousands more.
Wow.
And you do portraits also?
Yeah. when I get a chance.
They're really exceptional.
Now you're going to make
me blush.
[chuckles]
Hey guys. I almost forgot.
A little something
for you later.
in case you get hungry while
you're out running errands.
Oh. thank you!
You're welcome.
That's sweet.
So. you coming to
the Founder's Day Celebration
next Saturday?
Um. no. I'm going to be back
in Portland. so.
Oh. that's a shame.
I know. I keep telling her
she's missing out.
[laughs]
Well. thank you again
for these. Dottie.
They're beautiful.
[laughs]
You two have a great day.
'Kay.
Thanks. Dottie.
- Bye.
Okay. so Founder's Day.
I want details.
Well. the legend goes
that in the spring of 1857.
a rancher named Festus Thompson
won the town in a poker game
with a wealthy landowner.
'Kay.
Apparently there was only
$3 in the pot too.
That's quite a deal.
Yeah. I'll say.
So. Thompson fell in love
with the place
and when he settled it.
he named it after himself.
Thompson Lake.
So it's both a celebration
of spring
and the birth of our town.
It's a really fun time.
actually.
Kind of sad you're not going
to be here.
Yeah. me too.
It's really important to you.
huh?
Yeah. yeah it is.
I don't know.
I just think it's important
for people to come together
and get to know their neighbour.
It's a sense of community
I never really had
in the big city.
Hmm.
You ever miss it. the city?
What. the noise and traffic.
and everyone bumping
into each other?
No. no. Not really.
Not even a little bit?
No.
No. this is my home now.
So why here?
Why Thompson Lake?
Sometimes you just know.
You know?
Yeah. Yeah.
It's kind of like...
kind of like a relationship.
really.
Yeah. Yeah.
It is.
Speaking of which. um. is there
anybody special in your life?
Oh. impressive segue.
[laughing]
Thank you. I'm
a professional.
[laughs]
Uh. no. No. I can't say
that there is.
Oh. okay.
You never wanted to get married
or have a family?
This is... this is the life
I chose.
and that's all there really is
to say about that.
It's just. he reveals some.
and then he shuts down.
and then he opens up.
and it's like bits and pieces.
you know?
It'll take time though.
I mean. imagine divulging
your entire life to a stranger
knowing millions of people
are going to read it.
Yeah.
I just don't have much time.
So is he what you thought?
Um. he's got a very gentle
and caring side.
Oh. okay. okay.
And. um. you know he's not quite
the curmudgeon
everybody thought he was.
He's actually pretty easy
to be around.
so that's nice.
He's cute.
Yes.
Is he single?
Why?
Because you guys would make
a cute couple.
Okay. You know what?
I'm trying to focus
on my work right now.
so I just want to keep
this professional.
Anyway I'm going to go to bed.
because who knows what he has
in store for me tomorrow?
But you can't tell me
you haven't been lost
in those amazing blue eyes.
Brown.
Oh my...
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I have to say. this version
of you is very different
from the cosmopolitan
Martin Clayborne
that burst onto the literary
scene years ago.
Well. I'm afraid
that guy's long gone.
Yeah. You were. um. you were
telling me yesterday
about how you ended up here
in Thompson Lake.
Care to elaborate?
There's not much
to elaborate on.
Well. there are a million
quiet places with nice people.
Why settle down here?
I don't know.
Some things can't be described.
Now that is an interesting
statement from a writer.
Well. I don't know.
You're a writer.
How would you describe
what home means to you?
Um...
Fair enough.
Yeah. it can be really hard
to put into words
the things that we love.
Speaking of love. you uh. have
anyone special back at home?
Impressive segue.
It's good.
Learned from the best.
[laughs]
The answer is no.
Just no?
You care to elaborate?
Uh. not really.
There's not much
to elaborate on.
Okay.
[laughs]
You think he's trying
to tell us something?
I mean. how can you deny
that face?
I can't.
Aww!
Come here.
Oh.
Want me to get the ball?
Okay. sit. I will throw
the ball.
but you have to answer some
questions first.
Are you ready?
Uh-oh.
Okay.
What is Martin's greatest fear?
It's probably too hard.
Okay. What is Martin's
favourite colour?
Oh. you really are loyal.
Go get it!
[laughs]
Oh well.
Blue.
And uh. I'm afraid that
if I stopped writing.
no one would care.
Here we go.
[grunts]
♪ ♪
[laughs]
I think he likes you.
[laughing]
Hi!
You got good taste.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
Ah. ah. ah. ah.
Our agreement did not
include snooping.
Fine.
Do you cook a lot?
When I'm hungry. yeah.
You?
No. I find some things
are better left to
the professionals.
Well. hope I don't
disappoint then.
Hmm.
What about this old dinosaur?
Does this work?
Yes.
What I use to write.
[gasps]
You write on this?
Yup.
What do you do when you mess up?
Start the page over. which
forces me to mess up a lot less.
You wrote all your novels
on this?
Every last one.
Yeah. it's like an old friend.
I saw that in a pawn shop
in New York.
I was just out of college.
it was 125 bucks.
which was 125 more bucks
than I could afford.
But that night I decided
I'm going to make
that thing pay for itself.
Three weeks later.
finished my first novel.
Three weeks?
Mm-hmm.
That's unbelievable.
It took me a year and a half and
I only got past chapter four.
and that's with spellcheck.
Wait a minute.
You never said you were
a novelist.
I'm not.
I'm definitely not.
I'm just. uh. I'm...
I am a journalist.
and this interview
is about you. not me.
Oh. okay...
But I'm interested. so tell me.
No. no. it's nothing.
Come on. come on.
don't downplay it.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
All I ever wanted to do
was be a novelist.
That's what I set out to do
after college.
But...
But?
[sighs]
I don't know.
Life went by. and it was such
a long time ago.
So why'd you give up?
I didn't say I gave up.
Well you did say you didn't
finish it.
No. I didn't finish it.
But I did need to earn
a living and um.
I don't know. trying
to be a novelist.
that's... I don't know
if I'm cut out for that.
[sighs]
So it's condemned to a life
in a drawer somewhere?
[laughs]
I'll tell you what.
I will read your novel
when you finish it.
No. that's a big fat no.
I sent it out already.
I sent it to half a dozen people
with sample chapters
and query letters.
and all I got back was a half
a dozen rejection letters.
And honestly. I just don't-
I'm not cut out for it.
It's. like. probably
just not meant to be.
My first novel was rejected.
It was?
Oh yeah.
By who?
Well. funny you should ask.
Everyone.
Well. everyone but one.
And one is all you need.
"Dear Mr. Clayborne.
We've received your submission
and would be pleased
to publish your novel.
Burden of Proof."
Nothing was the same after that.
I had no idea
you'd been rejected.
Well. nobody does.
The official story is that
I was a prodigy
plucked out of obscurity.
Had publishing houses in a
bidding war over my first novel.
Yeah. an overnight success.
Well. so the story goes.
I was in my early 20s.
enjoying success.
and everything was just
so exciting.
But then...
But then what?
[timer dings]
Soup's ready.
[sighs]
Ohh.
Hi!
I'll take him out.
Are you sure?
Yeah. it's the least I can do.
Okay.
No talking about me.
Can't promise that.
Come on. Come here. boy.
Come on.
You wanna go? You wanna
go for a walk?
Good boy.
♪ ♪
Okay. let's go back inside.
Come on.
Hi.
Hope you're hungry.
It smells amazing.
What are those?
Um. I found them on the walk.
I thought they were pretty.
They are pretty.
Yeah.
They are also poisonous.
All right.
Now. bad news is. this is going
to get crazy itchy.
But the good news is this should
all be cleared up by tomorrow.
Unless you scratch.
So hands up.
Come on. this is
so embarrassing.
Just in case.
This one too.
There you go.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
[spoon clanging]
Tricky.
Need a hand?
Can I take mine to go?
No.
I spent all afternoon
making this soup.
you are not going anywhere
until you try it.
Oh. it's so embarrassing.
There you go.
Oh. that's really good!
Thank you.
And I'm not just saying that
'cause you're feeding me
like a little baby.
Here.
[laughs]
Finish your soup.
Hello.
Hey.
Hey!
We're in here.
- Oh. oh.
- Oh. no!
Ruth & Stanley:
Blanket flowers?
You guessed it.
Ruth: Honey.
Stanley.
Hey. Martin.
Ruth. nice to see you.
Amber.
Hi.
Well. she's all yours.
[chuckles]
See you tomorrow.
Oh yeah.
Actually. um. I forgot.
I have to do some...
some writing tomorrow.
so I was hoping that we could
take the day off.
I'm going to be holed up
all day anyway.
Yeah. that's okay.
Yeah. sure.
Okay. Good.
All right. well. 'night all.
Remember. no scratching.
Right.
[groans]
So what happened?
He was making me lunch
and I walked Ernie
and saw some flowers.
He made you lunch?
Yeah.
Uh-oh.
What?
Was it like
"there's peanut butter in
the fridge. help yourself"
kind of lunch. or?
He made soup.
[gasps]
I think he likes you.
I think he likes cooking.
Dad. do you like cooking?
Yep.
Do you ever make Mom soup?
Nope.
And they're in love.
You are...
You know. I mean this is...
this conversation is closed.
All right.
[phone vibrates]
Hi Peter.
Hey.
Vanessa. I don't mean
to micromanage.
but I really need to see pages.
Well. I'm working on it.
You know. it takes time.
Are you stalling?
Is something wrong?
Please don't tell me
something's wrong.
No. nothing's wrong.
I'm not stalling.
Everything's...
everything's great.
Why? Why do you ask?
Because I ran into
Martin's agent.
and she said she hadn't heard
anything about an interview.
which is a little disconcerting.
Well. I mean. they probably
just don't have
the open and honest working
relationship that you and I do.
Everything's going great.
honestly.
I mean. you know.
What?
You know how these subjects
can be.
They're like. um.
they're like onions.
You have to just. like.
keep peeling back layers.
Which I am doing.
Okay. Then why no pages?
Because. well. I'm still
formulating my angle.
See. I happen to know
that's writer speak
for "I have no idea what this
story is about."
Okay. here's the angle.
The puzzling life
of Martin Clayborne.
Why the man of mystery ditched
high society for serenity.
I like it.
And you're sure you're getting
what you need?
I definitely am.
I'm learning more about him
every day.
Okay. good.
Good. Great.
By the way. Franco's agreed
to do the photo spread.
and we're going to fly him up
the day after tomorrow.
Okay.
Oh. no. not Franco.
I mean Franco's great.
but I just... I don't think
he's quite right for this job.
You got a better idea?
There's a local lady here
and her name is Dottie.
And she's great. she's a really
good photographer.
Martin's very comfortable
with her.
and I think she would lend
some real local authenticity
to the piece.
If you think she can do it.
Yes. I definitely think she can.
Okay. so gotta go.
but thanks Peter.
Thanks so much
for checking in. Bye.
Okay. what's going on?
Martin told me he was going
to be holed up writing all day.
Okay. so?
So what's he doing?
What's he doing?
Who is that?
Who is he with?
Hmm.
If only we knew someone whose
job it is to find the answers
to all of these questions.
What. like spy?
Investigate.
What's the difference?
One sounds worse.
I'll buy that.
Oh.
♪ ♪
Oh!
That picture says everything.
You see. she's flying
around wondering
what's the next adventure!
That's so sweet.
Aww.
As the sun fell into
a beautiful sunset.
Audrey the owl flew...
Do you think they're dating?
No. it's a small town.
Everyone knows everyone.
They're probably
just good friends.
♪ ♪
[Both] Oh.
Was that a...
...More than friends smile?
Mm-hmm.
Think so.
[applause]
Well. clearly this calls
for more spying.
Investigating.
Whatever.
I just don't understand.
Why wouldn't he tell me?
It doesn't make any sense.
Something this harmless?
Maybe he just forgot.
Unless it's not harmless
and he's hiding it from me.
Okay. you're starting to sound
a wee bit jealous.
I'm not jealous.
I'm just doing my job.
...all the awesome adventures
of Audrey the Owl!
So you guys can read that
at home and...
We agreed on total honesty and
he's keeping something from me.
There's a simple solution
to all this.
Just ask him.
I did!
I asked him if there was
someone special.
He said no.
Then you have to take him
at his word.
Yeah.
Yeah. it's such a silly thing
to lie about.
Maybe they're just starting
to date.
You know there's a reason
he's keeping this part
of his life private.
Maybe he just doesn't feel safe
enough to open up to you yet.
♪ ♪
I think we've got it.
Good. yeah.
We've got enough. don't you?
Yeah. I think so.
We've got some on the porch.
some behind the typewriter.
playing fetch with Ernie.
Great. I trust you.
Good.
- Thanks Dottie.
- Thank you Dottie.
Oh. don't mention it.
See ya.
Not so bad. huh?
Ehh...
Yeah.
They're beautiful.
Wanna say hello?
Okay.
There we go.
Hi. who's this?
Who's that?
Well. this is Bella.
I don't have a treat
for you. sorry.
Hi. Bella.
She's a real sweetheart.
[shutter snaps]
She's a rescue.
She likes to nibble.
but she is sweet.
[laughs]
[shutter snaps]
And this over here is Rocket.
He's a good boy. he's just got
a bit of a temper.
Aww.
I don't know.
seems sweet enough.
[laughs]
Oh yeah. you did some good
work today. didn't you?
Oh uh. I wouldn't
recommend that.
You know. the aggressive
ones are usually just scared.
They want to know
that they can trust you.
you're not going to hurt 'em.
Yeah. um...
There you go. there you go.
Uh...
You know how long it took me
before he'd let me do that?
Where in the world did you?
Lincoln Park Equestrian Center.
every summer since I was eight.
You are just full of surprises.
aren't you?
[laughs]
Come on. put that down.
I want to show you something.
All right.
Just up here a little ways.
Watch your head.
Where are you taking me?
Remember when you said
you wanted to know
why I settled down
at Thompson Lake?
Yeah.
I said that I would have
to show you.
Well uh. here it is.
[gasps]
Wow!
Exactly what I said
the first time I saw it.
Figured if I can't be
inspired here.
I'm beyond hope.
[sighs]
So uh. I know you did
your research on me.
Yes. well what little
there is to do.
So you know my story.
I know that you became
a celebrity author
and you kind of got caught up
in the literary high life.
Right. right.
Well. there's fiction
and then there's reality.
The truth is...
I was engaged.
I was in a happy.
committed relationship.
All I really wanted to do
was just get married.
settle down.
What happened?
Well. we met in New York
just after college
and I kept putting off marriage
until I had some success.
Still unpublished then.
And then once I did have
success with my first book.
it just... I don't know.
Everything changed.
I suddenly had all these people
telling me where to go.
what parties to attend.
how to play the game.
According to my agent. it
was all to create a persona.
This celebrity writer.
They thought it would help
sell more books.
And it worked.
just a little too well.
What happened to your fiancé?
Oh. she wanted nothing
to do with the spotlight.
Nope.
Wasn't what she signed up
for. so. um. so we broke up.
I'm sorry.
Must've been painful.
Yeah. It was.
And then you left New York when?
Not long thereafter.
I agreed to let a journalist
like yourself tag along.
do a profile.
And when the article came out.
it was like...
I didn't even recognize myself.
It was like this character
that I helped write
and I just hated it. you know?
After that I wanted nothing to
do with celebrity life either.
So... I packed up my stuff.
headed west. no destination.
Just drove.
I stopped at little towns
along the way.
but when I stopped here
it felt like home.
Mm.
Um...
Made it here. nobody cares
about who you were.
Just care about who you are.
Seems like it's worked out
really well for you.
You've... you've had
an amazing career.
Oh. success beyond
my wildest dreams.
Only now the story is that
I'm another bitter writer
who couldn't handle the real
world. so he hid himself away.
Is there any truth to that?
As far as I'm concerned.
this is the real world.
Yeah.
I agree with you.
So you're telling me this whole
time you've been here.
there's been no one special?
I don't know.
Wouldn't say that.
Uh. would you care to elaborate?
Not yet.
Okay.
Uh. well you got
your notes. so...
Yeah.
Maybe we should...
Okay. sure.
Well. this is nice.
Thank you.
I guess I'll see you tomorrow.
- Okay.
Um... Hey. before you go.
Do you want to come inside
for a cold drink?
Yeah. sure.
All right.
Okay.
Lauren: Hey. Martin!
Oh.
Oh!
Thought I had the wrong time.
No. no.
You have the right time.
I just lost track of time.
sorry about that.
Um. can we do a rain check
on that?
Yeah. of course. of course.
No problem.
I'm Vanessa.
Oh hi. I'm Lauren.
- Nice to meet you.
Sorry. yes.
Vanessa is in town
doing an article.
Great.
And Lauren is a teacher
who is helping me
with the Founder's Day
Celebration.
Great. Okay.
Well I'll leave you to it.
Have fun.
- Okay.
Uh. see you tomorrow.
Yeah. Sounds like a plan.
Bye.
Sorry about the...
[sighs]
Hi.
Now I'm really confused.
Explain.
Um. we... I'm not sure
how to put it exactly.
Try words.
We had a moment.
Okay.
And?
And I wanted to keep it
professional.
so we went back to the house.
And then guess who was waiting
for him on his front porch?
The girl from the library?
Lauren.
And he gets all weird.
and he's. like. awkward.
and just like didn't
know what to do or say.
and it was so strange.
He's hiding something from me
and I don't know what it is.
You'll just have
to keep digging.
I don't have much time.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[phone vibrates]
Oh.
- Hi.
I didn't catch you in the middle
of something. did I?
Um. no.
No. I'm just getting ready
to turn in.
What's going on?
Well. I was hoping that we could
talk about tomorrow.
Yeah.
What kind of manual labour
do you have planned for me?
Well. I was actually hoping
that we could switch it up.
Okay. like what?
[awkwardly]
Well. maybe um.
grab a bite.
stroll through town?
Or not.
We don't...
No. no. That sounds great.
That's great.
Great.
All right.
Well. it is a date.
It is a plan.
It's a plan. yeah.
A plan for tomorrow.
Okay. great.
Time?
Let's say 6:00.
Great. That's great.
Okay. See you then.
Take good care.
You too.
Thanks for getting our dinner.
That was nice.
Aw. let's call it
small-town hospitality.
That's how we roll up here.
Oh!
So tell me something
embarrassing.
Something that most people
don't know about you.
I think you're missing
the concept
of interviewer. interviewee
relationship.
Maybe. but I was thinking
that maybe tonight
we could forget about that.
Just for tonight. just be
two people talking.
Embarrassing. huh?
Yeah.
Um. I can't dance.
[laughs]
Really?
Yeah.
Not at all?
No. not at all.
Like. I'll try.
Uh-huh.
So I remember we had to learn
the one-two-three. one-two...
Like. my brain tells my feet.
and I can't.
I can't do it.
That's alright.
What about you? Got some
embarrassing stories?
When I was a kid...
Thank you.
I used to think that
if you ate an apple seed
an apple tree would actually
grow inside your stomach.
I think all kids think that.
Really?
Yeah.
They do?
Stop it.
No. really. I didn't know.
Now I feel a lot better
actually. thank you.
[laughs]
Okay. this is good.
This is good.
Um. well...
I will tell you. I'm going
to trust you with this now.
- Are you ready?
- Mm-hmm?
I also had an invisible friend.
[posh accent] Her name was
Victoria Farnsworth Longfellow.
Oh. wow. Very royal.
Yes. and she was a queen.
She liked to order
everybody around.
And I miss her terribly.
Hmm.
You know. I have been meaning
to tell you something.
Remember when I agreed
to do the interview.
I said that there was something
that I needed to tell the world?
Yeah?
I'm quitting.
Are you serious?
I am.
What?
I am. My career as a mystery
writer has come to an end.
Why?
The last couple years.
I just. I felt like all
I've been doing is
repackaging the same stories
in new jacket covers.
Wow.
That definitely puts a new spin
on the article. but...
I thought you'd be happy.
I'm happy for the article.
I mean. that's a good. um...
I mean. you have the scoop
or whatever.
Scoop. yeah.
I just can't imagine a world
in which I am not
looking forward to reading the
next Martin Clayborne novel.
Thank you for that.
That's very sweet of you to say.
But I wasn't even planning
on making an announcement.
I thought it was just best if I.
you know. kind of faded away.
Then I met you.
and you convinced me
that my fans deserve the truth.
They do.
And I thought that this was
going to be a perfect platform.
you know?
This is the perfect way
to go out.
You're giving up a life
so many people want.
I would kill for your career.
Then finish your novel.
That is not the same.
It's not that simple for me.
I know you didn't ask
for my two cents.
but I'm going to give it
to you anyway.
The last thing you want to do
is wake up and realize
you didn't do what
you are destined to.
Trust me.
♪ ♪
Martin's going to quit writing?
Yeah. He's hanging it up.
Says he doesn't have the passion
for it anymore.
That's quite a scoop
he gave you.
Yeah. we're going to sell
a lot of magazines.
I'm not sure I'm satisfied
with the ending. though.
I can't believe he's going
to stop writing.
He's giving up.
Isn't that what you're doing
by not finishing your novel.
though?
No. I'm... I haven't had time.
And look. if I get
this promotion.
which is a huge stepping
stone for me
writing things I actually
care about.
then I'm not going to have time
for much more of anything
else. anyway.
What?
I just don't want you to lose
sight of your dreams.
that's all.
I'm not.
Amber. trying to be a successful
novelist is a really hard life.
I don't know if I'm cut out
for this.
What?
Nothing.
Oh. nothing nothing.
What?
I just. I'm thinking about you
and your motto.
which is "go boldly in
the direction of your dreams
and live the life
you've imagined."
You know. it's not "go boldly in
the direction of your dreams
and then give up when
it gets really. really hard."
I hear you.
I know what I'm doing.
Are you ready?
Yeah. almost.
Can I use your printer?
Yeah.
Oh. hi.
[laughs]
Perfect timing.
Just about to go down
to the lake.
I just came by to give you this.
What is this?
My article.
[sighs]
Right. right.
My agreement.
I also came to say goodbye.
We're going to head back.
You're leaving now?
Yeah.
Oh.
I can't thank you enough
for taking me on this adventure
with you and welcoming me
into your life.
Wait...
[sighs]
I can't let you go.
There's something I need
to show you.
Oh.
Okay.
Come on.
[sighs]
So.
The Awesome Adventures
of Audrey the Owl?
Written by Danny Boyd.
Danny Boyd. why does
that name sound...
That's your invisible friend.
Now. it's my pseudonym.
This is you!
You're not really retiring!
Well. there will be no more
books from Martin Clayborne.
the mystery writer.
This is the end of one chapter
and the beginning of the next.
And I didn't want this work
to get an unfair advantage
or disadvantage
because of my name.
Why children's books?
Writing these makes me happy.
and it's taken me a long time
to realize
that if it doesn't
make you happy.
it's not worth doing.
♪ ♪
Illustrations by Lauren Connor.
Lauren is...
A good friend who does
amazing illustrations.
Oh. right.
Why. what did you think?
I thought. uh...
I thought maybe there
was something
between the two of you.
Oh. no. Just friends.
Oh.
But um...
But I did think that maybe
there was something
between you and I.
Oh.
I...
Me too.
Well then. what are we doing?
I don't know.
I've... I really like you.
I. I just have this whole life
waiting for me
and I've got a big
promotion coming.
and I don't know how
this could work.
You're here. and I'm there.
Timing is everything. huh?
[whispers]
Bye.
Oh. um...
I trust you.
Come back whenever you want.
Yeah. we should.
Thank you.
Thank you so much
for your hospitality.
We've always got room.
so don't be a stranger.
Okay. thank you.
That goes for both of you.
Come here. you.
Have a safe trip home.
and I hope you got
what you came for.
Thank you.
Ah. I'm going to miss
this place.
I miss it every time I leave.
but then I remember
that it'll always be here.
And so will we.
[laughs]
Thank you.
All right.
I love you guys.
- Bye!
- Drive safe.
- Bye guys.
♪ ♪
Knock. knock.
Hey. Peter.
Pitch meeting today after lunch.
I'll be there.
Any spoilers?
Yeah. A group of supermodels is
opening a restaurant downtown.
Say no more.
I'm sure it'll be great.
just like all your work.
Though I'm not sure how you'll
ever top your last effort.
I'm not sure either.
All right. I'll see you later.
By the way. this new office
really suits you.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Hello up there.
Hey Dottie.
Perfect timing. just hung
your banners.
What do you think?
Not bad.
Not bad?
I think they're better
than not bad.
So you've come to help out?
I certainly have.
Okay.
And I have something for you.
Some shots that didn't make it
into the article.
And some of you and Vanessa.
Look at these.
When did you?
[laughs]
These are... these are
very beautiful. thank you.
You know. you should send
her some too.
I'm sure she'd like something
to remember you by.
Okay guys. I'm here to help.
Jeremy. any messages?
Nope. but you have a package.
I left it on your desk.
Oh. okay.
♪ ♪
[keys clacking]
[phone vibrates]
Hi Amber.
Hey. what are you doing?
I'm writing.
Like writing. writing?
On your book?
Yeah. I think so.
That's great.
I'm so happy to hear that.
That's awesome.
So have you heard from Martin?
Sort of.
Hey. Amber?
Are you still going to go see
your parents for Founder's Day?
Yeah. I'm on my way there
right now. Why?
You think there's room
for one more at the inn?
Do not move. I'm coming
to get you right now.
♪ ♪
♪ Waiting for a girl like you to boost my ego ♪
♪ Waiting for a girl like you... ♪
Martin.
Hey. Gus. How you doing?
It's another wonderful party.
Yeah. yeah.
So are you going to stand here
looking gloomy all night.
or are you going to go out there
and have some fun?
Gus. if this is your way
of asking me to dance.
I think I'm going to have
to politely decline.
[laughs]
Person I really want to dance
with is miles and miles away.
Don't be too sure about that.
♪ ♪
I still can't dance.
so don't ask me.
What... What are you?
I got your. um. message.
Good.
[whispers]
Thank you.
Excuse me. Can I have
your attention?
We'd like to take this time just
to thank everyone
for coming out to yet another
great Founder's Day party.
[applause]
He's going to make me
do a speech.
You want to get out of here?
Yeah.
Oh. it's raining!
Okay. come on.
[laughing]
Oh.
I still can't believe
you're here.
I never thought
I'd see you again.
Really?
Well yeah. I'd hoped. but...
But I didn't know.
I seem to be at a loss
for words.
It's quite a time
for writer's block.
I just figured if I'm going
to have a life motto.
I should live by it.
You know. "go boldly in the
direction of my dreams and..."
"Live the life you imagined."
Right.
So. the thing is.
the life I imagined
includes you.
I was hoping you'd say that.
♪ ♪